add `dapr init` proxy issue to Common Issue (#2746)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/operations/troubleshooting/common_issues.md

```

You may learn more about webhooks [here](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/extensible-admission-controllers/).

> ## How to use the proxy when installing `darp runtime` via `darp init`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How to use the proxy when installing `dapr` via `dapr init`
```
